README.md, before:

# FansMonitor
## 简介
这大约是当时鹿乃酱快要百万粉时的制作的  
当时还是一个刚学了几天html的小白  
不过现在也是啊XD  
## 说明
本站采用 [jsonp](https://json2jsonp.com) 处理来自 [Bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/) 的数据  
请不要滥用本站，否则我将~~走投无路~~而关闭此项目  
本站采用 [MDUI](https://www.mdui.org/) 作为框架，欢迎访问其项目  
## 关于作者
一个初入前端的高一蒻蒟。（我和所有粉丝都和乃酱贴贴）  
## 啡咖の朋友们
[涂山苏苏Official](https://github.com/TheresaQWQ) ——你群大佬，在他(她)的帮助下实现了输入UID跳转的功能(阿里嘎多)  
[Ink33](https://github.com/Ink-33) ——你群大佬，灵感来源XD  
这个就不是友链了，这叫私货—— [鹿乃ちゃん](https://space.bilibili.com/316381099)
## Changelog
2020.3.26 Created Project  
2020.3.26 Refresh-time Changer  
2020.4.15 New feature: You will monitor Kano if u did not fill the 'UID' column XD  
2020.4.20 Fixed avatars loading issues.  
2020.4.21 Add a real-time date display. Create README.md.
2020.8.8 Kills the problem that the time display is toooooooo "small", now it is toooooooo big
## Coming Features
1:更换数据接口  
2:添加可更换主题

Commit message:

killed some errors, update changelog

README.md, after:

# FansMonitor
## 简介
这大约是当时鹿乃酱快要百万粉时的制作的  
当时还是一个刚学了几天html的小白  
不过现在也是啊XD  
## 说明
本站采用 [jsonp](https://json2jsonp.com) 处理来自 [Bilibili](https://www.bilibili.com/) 的数据  
请不要滥用本站，否则我将~~走投无路~~而关闭此项目  
本站采用 [MDUI](https://www.mdui.org/) 作为框架，欢迎访问其项目  
## 关于作者
一个初入前端的高一蒻蒟。（我和所有粉丝都和乃酱贴贴）  
## 啡咖の朋友们
[涂山苏苏Official](https://github.com/TheresaQWQ) ——你群大佬，在他(她)的帮助下实现了输入UID跳转的功能(阿里嘎多)  
[Ink33](https://github.com/Ink-33) ——你群大佬，灵感来源XD  
这个就不是友链了，这叫私货—— [鹿乃ちゃん](https://space.bilibili.com/316381099)
## Changelog
2020.3.26 Created Project  
2020.3.26 Refresh-time Changer  
2020.4.15 New feature: You will monitor Kano if u did not fill the 'UID' column XD  
2020.4.20 Fixed avatars loading issues.  
2020.4.21 Add a real-time date display. Create README.md.  
2020.8.8 Killed the problem that the time display is toooooooo "small", now it is toooooooo big  
2020.8.8 Changed the jsontojsonp api  
2020.8.9 Finally fixed the problem that cause GET requests receiving 403  
2020.8.9 We deleted the spam parameter, which was used to avoid being killed by the origin. Yayyy!
## Coming Features
1:更换数据接口  
2:添加可更换主题
